framework/docs/src/0_introduction.md, before:

<!-- # The Abstract Development Platform -->
<!-- This page is a high-level overview of the Abstract Platform, not the SDK or any of our actual products. Hence we should stick to a vocabulary that is familiar to the reader. -->

![SDK Background](resources/abstract_platform/twitter_cover-1.png)

Welcome to the Abstract Documentation!

**Abstract is an account-based smart-contract development and distribution platform. Our platform and tooling allow developers to build and scale their applications in a chain-agnostic manner.**

This first part of our documentation aims to provide you with the conceptual knowledge you need to understand the Abstract framework. The second part is a step-by-step guide on how to use the Abstract SDK to build your decentralized application.

```admonish info
Prefer to watch? Check out our [video library](./video_and_content/videos.md)!
```

## Who is Abstract For?

The Abstract SDK is designed for organizations and individual developers who want to build composable distributed applications in a fast, secure, and cost-effective manner.

We expect developers to be familiar with the Rust programming language and general programming concepts.

```admonish info
Coming from 👾EVM👾 ? Be sure to read up on CosmWasm and its differences from EVM in the [CosmWasm](./3_framework/0_technologies.md#cosmwasm) section.
```

## Abstract Products

- **[Abstract SDK](3_framework/1_abstract_sdk.md)**: The Abstract Software Development Kit (SDK) is a Rust library that is tightly integrated with Abstract's on-chain infrastructure. By using the SDK, developers can easily perform accounting-based operations and interactions with other smart contracts.

- **[cw-orchestrator](1_products/1_cw_orchestrator.md)**: A developer tool that simplifies the testing and deployment of smart contracts.

- **[Abstract JS](1_products/4_abstract_js.md)**: A JavaScript library that facilitates smart-contract interactions from a browser-based environment.

Together these products form a complete end-to-end development platform for distributed applications.

## How to Navigate the Docs

You can read the documentation in the order it is presented, or you can jump to the section that's most relevant to you.

## Help and Support

If you have any questions or ideas you want to discuss about our products, please contact us
on <a href="https://discord.com/invite/uch3Tq3aym" target="_blank">Discord</a>.

## Want to make Abstract better?

Look at the
[Contributing & Community](./contributing.md) section if you want to get involved.

### Links

<ul>
    <li><a href="https://abstract.money/" target="_blank">Website</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/AbstractSDK" target="_blank">Github</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://medium.com/@abstractmoney" target="_blank">Medium</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://docs.abstract.money/" target="_blank">Docs</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://console.abstract.money" target="_blank">Account Console</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://api.abstract.money/" target="_blank">Graphql API Explorer</a></li>
</ul>

Commit message:

Add link to high-level medium article.

framework/docs/src/0_introduction.md, after:

<!-- # The Abstract Development Platform -->
<!-- This page is a high-level overview of the Abstract Platform, not the SDK or any of our actual products. Hence we should stick to a vocabulary that is familiar to the reader. -->

![SDK Background](resources/abstract_platform/twitter_cover-1.png)

Welcome to the Abstract Documentation!

**Abstract is an account-based smart-contract development and distribution platform. Our platform and tooling allow developers to build and scale their applications in a chain-agnostic manner.**

This first part of our documentation aims to provide you with the conceptual knowledge you need to understand the Abstract framework. The second part is a step-by-step guide on how to use the Abstract SDK to build your decentralized application.

```admonish info
Want a TL;DR? Read a [high-level overview on the Abstract Platform](https://medium.com/abstract-money/a-high-level-overview-of-abstract-moneys-interchain-app-platform-d30813c7a1b4).
```

```admonish info
Prefer to watch? Check out our [video library](./video_and_content/videos.md)!
```

## Who is Abstract For?

The Abstract SDK is designed for organizations and individual developers who want to build composable distributed applications in a fast, secure, and cost-effective manner.

We expect developers to be familiar with the Rust programming language and general programming concepts.

```admonish info
Coming from 👾EVM👾 ? Be sure to read up on CosmWasm and its differences from EVM in the [CosmWasm](./3_framework/0_technologies.md#cosmwasm) section.
```

## Abstract Products

- **[Abstract SDK](3_framework/1_abstract_sdk.md)**: The Abstract Software Development Kit (SDK) is a Rust library that is tightly integrated with Abstract's on-chain infrastructure. By using the SDK, developers can easily perform accounting-based operations and interactions with other smart contracts.

- **[cw-orchestrator](1_products/1_cw_orchestrator.md)**: A developer tool that simplifies the testing and deployment of smart contracts.

- **[Abstract JS](1_products/4_abstract_js.md)**: A JavaScript library that facilitates smart-contract interactions from a browser-based environment.

Together these products form a complete end-to-end development platform for distributed applications.

## How to Navigate the Docs

You can read the documentation in the order it is presented, or you can jump to the section that's most relevant to you.

## Help and Support

If you have any questions or ideas you want to discuss about our products, please contact us
on <a href="https://discord.com/invite/uch3Tq3aym" target="_blank">Discord</a>.

## Want to make Abstract better?

Look at the
[Contributing & Community](./contributing.md) section if you want to get involved.

### Links

<ul>
    <li><a href="https://abstract.money/" target="_blank">Website</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://github.com/AbstractSDK" target="_blank">Github</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://medium.com/@abstractmoney" target="_blank">Medium</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://docs.abstract.money/" target="_blank">Docs</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://console.abstract.money" target="_blank">Account Console</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://api.abstract.money/" target="_blank">Graphql API Explorer</a></li>
</ul>
