framework/docs/src/video_and_content/faq.md, before:

# Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

1. **What is Abstract?**

Abstract is a CosmWasm development platform designed to empower developers to craft secure and dynamic applications
effortlessly. It boasts a modular architecture and provides an exhaustive range of tools, streamlining the development
process and catalyzing the innovation of solutions in the blockchain space.

2. **Who can use Abstract?**

There are two faces to Abstract:

- For developers who want to build any CosmWasm-based application quickly and securely, leveraging the security and
  modularity of the Abstract framework.
- For project ideators who want to setup their applications quickly and get their MVP out the door ASAP. Create an
  Abstract Account and install modules available in the marketplace to expose application functionality.

3. **How does Abstract differ from other blockchain platforms?**

While there are other blockchain frameworks available, Abstract stands out due to its unique combination of a modular
architecture, CosmWasm integration, and comprehensive developer tools, all aimed at simplifying and enhancing the
development experience.

4. **How can I get started with Abstract?**

To get started with Abstract, check out [getting started](../4_get_started/1_index.md)! You will find comprehensive
guides, tutorials, and resources to help you understand the platform's features and functionality. Additionally, you can
join our <a href="https://discord.com/invite/uch3Tq3aym" target="_blank">developer community on Discord</a> to connect
with
like-minded developers and seek
assistance if needed.

5. **Can I contribute to the Abstract ecosystem?**

Absolutely! Abstract values community contributions and welcomes developers to contribute to the growth of CosmWasm. The
best ways for you to contribute are by creating modules (see the [getting started docs](../4_get_started/1_index.md)),
sharing your insights and knowledge, participating in discussions, and collaborating on some of our open-source
projects. Check out the [Contributing page](../contributing.md) to learn more about how you can get involved.

6. **What are the costs associated with using Abstract?**

Abstract offers various tiers, free and paid depending on your needs. For a detailed breakdown of costs, it's best to
visit our [plans page](https://abstract.money/orchestrator) or contact the Abstract team for specific pricing details.

7. **How does Abstract ensure the security of financial applications?**

The marketplace on which all modules are registered and installed requires that each module be audited and conform to
our security standards. Additionally, the modular architecture allows developers to leverage pre-built functionalities
and best practices, reducing the risk of vulnerabilities. We are partnering
with <a href="https://www.oaksecurity.io/" target="_blank">Oak Security</a> to ensure every module is up to spec.

8. **How can I stay updated with Abstract's latest developments?**

Follow us on X <a href="https://x.com/AbstractSDK" target="_blank">@AbstractSDK</a> to stay in the loop with our latest advancements!

9. **What about cw-orchestrator?**

<a href="https://github.com/AbstractSDK/cw-orchestrator" target="_blank">cw-orchestrator</a> is a CosmWasm scripting,
testing, and deployment tool designed to simplify interactions with CosmWasm smart contracts. By providing a set of
macros that generate type-safe interfaces for your contracts, it not only enhances the code's readability and
maintainability but also reduces testing and deployment overhead. Check it out!

10. Where can I seek support if I face issues?

The Abstract community is active and welcoming. If you're encountering issues or have questions, you can join our
<a href="https://discord.com/invite/uch3Tq3aym" target="_blank">developer community on Discord</a> or browse the
platform's documentation for detailed guides and answers.

Commit message:

Chain Abstraction Documentation (#406)
* Chain Abstraction documentation

* Clarify docs further

framework/docs/src/video_and_content/faq.md, after:

# Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

1. **What is Abstract?**

Abstract is a CosmWasm development platform designed to empower developers to craft secure and dynamic applications
effortlessly. It boasts a modular architecture and provides an exhaustive range of tools, streamlining the development
process and catalyzing the innovation of solutions in the blockchain space.

2. **Who can use Abstract?**

There are a few faces to Abstract:

- For users to interact with applications, accounts, and liquidity on any chain via [Abstract Accounts](../3_framework/3_architecture.md).
- For developers and protocols looking to build composable and scalable CosmWasm applications quickly using the [Abstract SDK](../3_framework/1_abstract_sdk.md)
- For chains looking to offer their users interoperability with other chains and protocols. See [chain abstraction](../3_framework/2_chain_abstraction.md).

3. **How does Abstract differ from other platforms?**

Abstract was built from the ground up by developers, for developers. We started Abstract to allow developers to collaborate in bringing their applications to reality in an efficient and scalable manner. Ultimately, Abstract will be fully vertically integrated, meaning that we'll control the *entire* application stack, ranging from the smart-contracts, testing tooling, on-chain infrastructure, off-chain infrastructure, accounts, and ultimately the users.

4. **How can I get started with Abstract?**

To get started with Abstract, check out [getting started](../4_get_started/1_index.md)! You will find comprehensive
guides, tutorials, and resources to help you understand the platform's features and functionality. Additionally, you can
join our <a href="https://discord.com/invite/uch3Tq3aym" target="_blank">developer community on Discord</a> to connect
with like-minded developers and seek assistance if needed.

5. **Can I contribute to the Abstract ecosystem?**

Absolutely! Abstract values community contributions and welcomes developers to contribute to the growth of CosmWasm. The
best ways for you to contribute are by creating modules (see the [getting started docs](../4_get_started/1_index.md)),
sharing your insights and knowledge, participating in discussions, and collaborating on some of our open-source
projects. Check out the [Contributing page](../contributing.md) to learn more about how you can get involved.

6. **What are the costs associated with using Abstract?**

Abstract's SDKs are free to use, though we offer paid plans for chains wishing to offer the more advanced capabilites of our platform, such as [account abstraction](../3_framework/2_account_abstraction.md) or [chain abstraction](../3_framework/2_chain_abstraction.md). Please [contact us](../11_contact.md) if you're a chain or protocol looking to offer these capabilities to your users.

7. **How does Abstract ensure the security of financial applications?**

The marketplace on which all modules are registered and installed requires that each module be audited and conform to
our security standards. Additionally, the modular architecture allows developers to leverage pre-built functionalities
and best practices, reducing the risk of vulnerabilities. We are partnering
with <a href="https://www.oaksecurity.io/" target="_blank">Oak Security</a> to ensure every module is up to spec.

8. **How can I stay updated with Abstract's latest developments?**

Follow us on X <a href="https://x.com/AbstractSDK" target="_blank">@AbstractSDK</a> to stay in the loop with our latest advancements!

9. **What about cw-orchestrator?**

<a href="https://github.com/AbstractSDK/cw-orchestrator" target="_blank">cw-orchestrator</a> is the most advanced CosmWasm scripting,
testing, and deployment tool designed to simplify interactions with CosmWasm smart contracts. By providing a set of
macros that generate type-safe interfaces for your contracts, it not only enhances the code's readability and
maintainability but also reduces testing and deployment overhead. Check it out!

10. **Why doesn't Abstract have a chain?**

In short, every chain supporting Abstract *is an Abstract chain*.

Remaining chain-agostic means that we can focus on delivering advanced infrastructure and applications for every new chain as blockchain technology improves. We seek to collaborate with teams delivering the best technology for users in the ever-changing Web3 landscape.

11. **Why did Abstract start in Cosmos?**

In short, interoperability. Cosmos pioneered the appchain thesis, pushing applicaitons to have their own chains so that they can scale effectively and capture as much value as possible. To make this possible, Cosmos deveolped IBC to ensure these applications were accessible from other chains. IBC is fully trustless and is winning as the most widely used bridging protocol. Interoperability is the only way that Web3 is going to achieve mass-adoption, and Abstract aims to make this happen as quickly as possible.

And by the way - IBC is coming to EVM, *this year*. This means that the total addressable market for Abstract is going to increase by over 3 orders of magnitude. Think about it.

12. **Why is Abstract built in CosmWasm?**

CosmWasm is highly efficient, offers the most comprehensive smart-contract capabilities, type- and memory-safe (because it's Rust), and has a focus on interoperability with its native IBC integration. This makes it the *absolute best* choice for building scalable cross-chain applications.

12. **Where can I seek support if I face issues?**

The Abstract community is active and welcoming. If you're encountering issues or have questions, you can join our
<a href="https://discord.com/invite/uch3Tq3aym" target="_blank">developer community on Discord</a> or browse the
platform's documentation for detailed guides and answers.
